README - TODO
	x - == DONE

Repository

Resources
		Actions - ? must it always be common for abstract?
		ActionRequest - what does it mean to have a base request?
	Action - handle Common behavior
	Action Facet - 	Sometimes an error (validation error) is shown, but if you select optional the none it will go away
	ENHANCEMENT - Show inherited Actions, ActionRequests, ActionResponses
	ToolTips - align with wording in GUI and presentation

General - High Priority
	Managing a library breaks/kills the background decorator thread.
	Documentation in previous version not editable in current version...
	Add roles to minor version and they original roles are not displayed
	Resource builder - when the ID facet has an element reference 
		all those properies are added to the id parameter group and should NOT be.
	Deleted - the deleted is both in the label and in the decoration
		- should NEVER see deleted decoration : what is wrong and how to repeat?
		- when deleting an alias Nav view shows "Deleted"
			refresh related. it is actually removed from parent
		- *** open 1 project containing common. create 2nd project and add common. close 1st project. library in 2nd project shows all objects are (Deleted)
	ModelObject has a Node in it -- was attempt to findNode. Remove after fixing users.
	remove ModelObject property change listener - businessObjectNode line 76
	Library Uses Objects from - show state of library
	type selection wizard - when some text is typed, hide libraries with no contents
	
	ReplaceWhereUsed - with multiple selections. Works sometimes then failed to work.
	On Library/Project close - clear effected contents of example and graphical views
	Resource Remove Object button - make into a 3 column format	

Jetty Test Service - lines 100-102
	
	x - Create resource then assign subject - where used not set
	x - Abstract Resource = no examples, no resource, reference facet?, not first class?
			x - No Base Path allowed
			x - Not 1st class
			x - No Business Object
			x -- I disabled the gui widgets, what if the data is invalid? Added remove button.
	x - Parameter Group - if ID is selected, do NOT list query facets in facet list.
	x - Parent_Resource - parameter group MUST be an ID Group
	x -	if parent resource has only one ID group, select it automatically when creating parent resource
	x - Grand parent must contribute to example paths
	x - Path Template
		x - Change path on containing resource should change path on all action requests
		x - Parent_Resource - initial path should be from parent
		x - Parent_Resource - path template overrides path from parent in examples
		x - Parent_Resource - change param group needs to change path template
		x - Parent Resource - Path Template is invalid because it has parameters
		x- Path Template on RQ wrong whenever a parent resource.
		x -	When Parameters are set the template should NOT contain inherited path
		x - change resource base path has to change all the RQ/RS paths
	x - ActionResponse - no change
	x - Action Facet - if abstract resource it MUST be set to "NONE" not left null
	x - Action Facet - increment repeat count by 1
	x - Action Facet - When should Reference Facet be active?
	x - Action Facet - ReferenceType must be NONE for abstract resources
	x - NOT Done - triggered by events -- Example update - move to base of controller so that it runs whenever anything is touched.
	x - Request - missing inherited Action Facet
	x - Response - missing inherited Action Facet
	x - Initial Resource creation - request path template does not include parameter
	x - Wizard needs to allow no selection. Resource Command Handler - dialog before wizard
	x - Change location on Parameter - has to change the path template where that parameter is used.
		x - Path to Query works, but not change to header
	
	
